update Gateway Discovery tutorial with client verification (#5415)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/guides/using-gateway-discovery.md

should also enable TLS client verification for the Admin API service so that no one
from inside the cluster can access it without a valid certificate. This can be done
by setting `ingressController.adminApi.tls.client.enabled` option in the helm chart 
to `true`. It will create a CA certificate and a CA-signed certificate for the 
client, and respective Kubernetes TLS Secrets for both.

The CA certificate Secret's name can be set
with `ingressController.adminApi.tls.client.caSecretName` option. We will use that
to have a static name for the CA certificate Secret, so that we can refer it in the
{{site.base_gateway}} deployment.

{:.note}
> **Note**: It is possible to provide your own certificates for the client 
> verification. `ingressController.adminApi.tls.client.certProvided=true`
> and `ingressController.adminApi.tls.client.secretName` should be used 
> for that purpose in the {{site.kic_product_name}} release, and 
> `admin.tls.client.secretName` or `admin.tls.client.caBundle` in the 
> {{site.base_gateway}} release.
> For more information, see the [helm chart's readme][kong-chart].

Now we're ready to deploy controller's helm release:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

$ helm upgrade --install controller kong/kong -n kong --create-namespace \
  --set ingressController.enabled=true \
  --set ingressController.gatewayDiscovery.enabled=true \
  --set ingressController.gatewayDiscovery.adminApiService.name=${GATEWAY_RELEASE_NAME}-kong-admin \
  --set ingressController.adminApi.tls.client.enabled=true \
  --set ingressController.adminApi.tls.client.caSecretName=admin-api-ca-cert \
  --set deployment.kong.enabled=false \
  --set proxy.nameOverride=${GATEWAY_RELEASE_NAME}-kong-proxy \
  --set replicaCount=2
```

At this point you should be able to see a {{site.kic_product_name}} deployment with 
2 replicas, waiting for {{site.base_gateway}} to be deployed:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

$ kubectl get deployment -n kong
NAME              READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
controller-kong   0/2     2            2           1m
```

### {{site.base_gateway}}

> As we enabled TLS client verification for the Admin API service, we need to provide a CA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After enabling TLS client verification for the Admin API service, you need to provide a CA
```

> certificate to the {{site.base_gateway}} deployment. We can do that by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate to the {{site.base_gateway}} deployment. You can do that by setting
```

> `admin.tls.client.secretName` to the CA certificate Secret's name, which we set in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`admin.tls.client.secretName` to the CA certificate Secret's name, which was set in the
```

{{site.kic_product_name}} deployment.

> Now we can deploy {{site.base_gateway}}. In order to do that we can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can deploy {{site.base_gateway}}. In order to do that we can run:
```

```terminal
$ helm upgrade --install gateway kong/kong -n kong --create-namespace \
  --set ingressController.enabled=false \
  --set admin.enabled=true \
  --set admin.type=ClusterIP \
  --set admin.clusterIP=None \
  --set admin.tls.client.secretName=admin-api-ca-cert \
  --set replicaCount=2
```

which will deploy {{site.base_gateway}} with 2 replicas, without {{site.kic_product_name}}.

> Once installed, set an environment variable, $PROXY_IP with the External IP address of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once installed, set an environment variable, `$PROXY_IP` with the External IP address of
```

the `gateway-kong-proxy` service in `kong` namespace:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

$ export PROXY_IP=$(kubectl get -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}" service -n kong gateway-kong-proxy)
```

At this point you should be able to see both deployments ready:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

We can test scaling those 2 deployments by invoking:

```terminal
$ kubectl scale deployment -n kong gateway-kong --replicas 4
$ kubectl scale deployment -n kong controller-kong --replicas 3
```

At this point we should see 4 instances of gateway and 3 instances of controller:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

With those manifests applied we can observe controller logs for entries that
indicate successful configuration of all the discovered Gateways:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```

At this point we should be able to access the `/echo` endpoint from our `htptbin` service:

> ```terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sh
```
